The initial brainstorm for the project. 
The main reason for choosing Unreal over any of its rival engines such as Unity is twofold: Unreal offers a more advanced suite of features and a more detailed lighting system that I wanted to explore, and Unreal is more commonly used in larger game projects so I wanted to gain a deeper understanding of the tool used for said projects. 

The initial idea was to use the player shadows themselves as a method of solving the problem. For example, placing a spotlight directly behind the player to cast a shadow of themselves over a chasm, which they would then be able to walk over (in other words, the shadow would act as a bridge). However, this idea fell short in a couple of areas. 

Firstly, as far as I could tell after much research, there is no way to program collision directly onto the shadows. A simple workaround to this would be to have invisible platforms (platforms with 0 opacity essentially) hooked to events that would only trigger upon the player positioning the camera correctly. However, the implementation of this turned out to be rather finicky and unconvincing and didn’t really highlight the lighting system so much as it was a glaringly gimmicky work around. 

Secondly, as touched on above, the prototypes from these attempts were extremely unconvincing and difficult to design around. The slim nature of the character models I was planning to use as well as the fact that the shadows didn’t cast quite how I expected them to in the levels made for a decidedly bad initial gameplay test. 

As such, this initial idea of using the shadows directly as solutions to the puzzles was scrapped. Instead, I decided to look towards Capcom’s Resident Evil series for some inspiration. Resident Evil is well-known for the various puzzles it employs, and one of the most recognizable ones would be its silhouette puzzles. In these puzzles players are tasked with rotating an abstract looking object in front of a light source to create a coherent image in the backdrop. This idea stuck with me, and I decided to instead lean my project more towards this kind of puzzle. Now, the first thing to do was to figure out how to go about implementing the logic for this puzzle. 
